Machine learning has many practical applications that you can use in your projects or on the job.

In the Machine Learning with Python Certification, you'll use the TensorFlow framework to build several neural networks and explore more advanced techniques like natural language processing and reinforcement learning.

You'll also dive into neural networks, and learn the principles behind how deep, recurrent, and convolutional neural networks work.

Project1 - For this challenge, you will create a program to play Rock, Paper, Scissors. A program that picks at random will usually win 50% of the time. To pass this challenge your program must play matches against four different bots, winning at least 60% of the games in each match.

Project2 - For this challenge, you will complete the code to classify images of dogs and cats. You will use TensorFlow 2.0 and Keras to create a convolutional neural network that correctly classifies images of cats and dogs at least 63% of the time. (Extra credit if you get it to 70% accuracy!)

Project3 - In this challenge, you will create a book recommendation algorithm using K-Nearest Neighbors. You will use the Book-Crossings dataset. This dataset contains 1.1 million ratings (scale of 1-10) of 270,000 books by 90,000 users. After importing and cleaning the data, use NearestNeighbors from sklearn.neighbors to develop a model that shows books that are similar to a given book. The Nearest Neighbors algorithm measures the distance to determine the “closeness” of instances. Create a function named get_recommends that takes a book title (from the dataset) as an argument and returns a list of 5 similar books with their distances from the book argument.

Project4 - In this challenge, you will predict healthcare costs using a regression algorithm. You are given a dataset that contains information about different people including their healthcare costs. Use the data to predict healthcare costs based on new data. The first two cells of this notebook import libraries and the data. Make sure to convert categorical data to numbers. Use 80% of the data as the train_dataset and 20% of the data as the test_dataset. Create a model and train it with the train_dataset. Run the final cell in this notebook to check your model. The final cell will use the unseen test_dataset to check how well the model generalizes. To pass the challenge, model.evaluate must return a Mean Absolute Error of under 3500. This means it predicts health care costs correctly within $3500.

Project5 - In this challenge, you need to create a machine learning model that will classify SMS messages as either "ham" or "spam". A "ham" message is a normal message sent by a friend. A "spam" message is an advertisement or a message sent by a company. You should create a function called predict_message that takes a message string as an argument and returns a list. The first element in the list should be a number between zero and one that indicates the likeliness of "ham" (0) or "spam" (1). The second element in the list should be the word "ham" or "spam", depending on which is most likely. For this challenge, you will use the SMS Spam Collection dataset. The dataset has already been grouped into train data and test data.
